If I was giving you this amount of money, what business would you start? $500.
Yeah. The first thing that comes to mind by favorite business idea of all right
now, thankfully you can start it with even less than this. And that would be a
business that helps implement AI into small businesses. There's 400 million
small businesses on the planet. 77% of them have admitted that like AI would be
transformational to their business. It's not a bad, it's not going away. 5% of
them have claimed they're using AI in a meaningful way. So basically we have
this knowledge gap. Doesn't matter how easy the tools are, doesn't matter how
much you can create a new website or an app with one prompt. They need someone
to do it, right? I know how to vacuum my floor, I know how to clean my house. I
still would rather just pay someone to do it. With a fifth of the money, call it
$100. I would start learning some vibe coding tools. What is vibe coding for you
in the business? Vib encoding is the non-technical person, the non-coder such as
myself, using their natural language to just say, hey, build me an app that
manages customers for dog trainers. You'll have an app. Is it fully functional?
Is workable yet? Not quite. But 10 to 20 more prompts than you're going to go.
Ask Chad Gbt what to build. Copy paste one of those. Ask Chad Gbt to prompt it.
Take it over to the Reflator Lovable. Paste it and see what it builds. So I
would use this as my education. And also to build a website, right? Chris' AI
Automations.com, whatever, anything. And then I would take the rest of the money
and I would put it into ads, meta ads, Facebook ads. And I would target local
businesses. Even though this is a global thing, if I live in Omaha, Nebraska, I
could sell this to people in Tokyo. It doesn't matter. I'm going to put radius
around Omaha. And my ads are going to say, I'm Chris. And I can help put AI into
your business. I'm going to use fifth grade words. I'm not going to use LLM. I'm
not even going to say Chad Gbt. I'm just going to say, I will make your business
more money or save your business money with AI. And then I'll get on discovery
calls with these business owners and I'll just start peppering them with
questions about their business. And over time, I'm going to learn, based on
their answers, what their problems are. What they're struggling with is a
hiring, is a payroll, is it sales? Usually it's going to be sales. And then I'm
going to take this money over here, this $100 and go back to those apps and
start building solutions for them for free. Just to kind of implement myself as
an expert. What are you going to challenge them? I'm going to charge them
between $500 and $5,000 up front one time to implement it. And then I'm going to
charge them 20% of that amount in an ongoing basis to maintain it and fix it as
it breaks. And then the beautiful thing is, you can go to every other go to
cleaning business in Omaha or anywhere and copy and paste that same app and sell
it to them.